Add header to import limits from standard URDF definition (backport #1298) (#2125)
ros-controls/ros2_control: joint_limits/CMakeLists.txt

  add_compile_options(-Wall -Wextra  -Wconversion)
endif()

set(THIS_PACKAGE_INCLUDE_DEPENDS
  rclcpp
  rclcpp_lifecycle
  urdf

> )

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is needed. Let's see the CI

Author: It's on the `master` branch (among other dependencies from new features). The previous runs failed because the `urdf_model/joint.h` header was not found.

https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/actions/runs/13993640150/job/39190086875#step:5:338

Author: The RHEL job seems to have a flaky test result, but otherwise CI now passes.

Seems like we did need a way to link against the `urdf` package's libraries for this addition.

Reviewer: I see that we have the dependency defined, but never set them 😅😅😅
https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/blob/humble/joint_limits%2FCMakeLists.txt#L26

find_package(ament_cmake REQUIRED)

> find_package(rclcpp REQUIRED)
> find_package(rclcpp_lifecycle REQUIRED)
> find_package(urdf REQUIRED)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
foreach(Dependency IN ITEMS ${THIS_PACKAGE_INCLUDE_DEPENDS})
  find_package(${Dependency} REQUIRED)
endforeach()
```
